What is String in Java? Is String a data type?
Is String a Primitive or a Derived Type?
Is String a keyword in Java?
What are different ways to create String Objects?
How Is a String Stored in Memory?
How Can We Get a Character Array from String?
How many objects will be created in the following code and where they will be stored in the memory?
String s1 = "abc";
String s2 = "abc";
How Can We Check If a String Is a Palindrome or Not?
Write a method that will remove a given character from the String?
How can we make String uppercase or lowercase?
What is the String subSequence method?
What Are the Benefits of Strings Being Immutable?
Difference Between String, Stringbuffer and Stringbuilder?
How to compare two Strings in a Java program?
How Can We Convert a String to Uppercase and Lowercase?
How to convert String to char and vice versa?
How to convert String to byte array and vice versa?
Can we use String in the switch case?
How Can We Compare Two Strings in Java? What’s the Difference Between str1 == str2 and str1.equals(str2)?
Write a program to print all permutations of String?
Write a function to find out the longest palindrome in a given string?
Difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
Why String is immutable or final in Java
How to Split String in java?
WAP to reverse a String in Java?
Why is Char array preferred over String for storing password?
How do you check if two Strings are equal in Java?
What is String Pool/String Constant Pool?
Where exactly is the string constant pool located in the memory?
Are Interned Strings Eligible for Garbage Collection in Java?
What does the String intern() method do?
What Is String.format() and How Can We Use It?
Is String thread-safe in Java?
How Can We Convert String to Integer and Integer to String in Java?
Why is String a popular HashMap key in Java?
How Can We Split a String in Java?
How Can We Reverse a String in Java?
Is String Thread-Safe? How?
What Is Stringjoiner?
How to find the maximum occurring character in a string in Java?
How do you remove all white spaces from a string in Java?
How do you find duplicate characters in a string?
How Can We Count the Number of Occurrences of a Given Character in a String?
Why Is It Safer to Store Passwords in a Char[] Array Rather Than a String?
How to reverse a sentence word by word in Java?
 What is the difference between Java 8 String Joiner, String.join() and Collectors.joining()?